hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here
and today we're going to be talking
about a superhero film called krish 3.
be ready for some spoilers ahead
dr rohit receives super powers from an
alien which gives him superhuman
strength and intelligence
but he was captured by dr arya and
imprisoned for many years
his son christina was able to free him
because he inherited his father's
abilities
and now takes on the identity as kurish
a superhero who protects the city
where there are heroes there are also
villains and in a secret laboratory
a nasty virus is being created by the
super villain call
and he plans to use it to make the world
bend to his will
meanwhile dr rohit has invented
something opposite of destruction
a pen that focuses the energy of the sun
onto dead objects and revives them in
the process
his technology still requires some work
though as he blew up the thing it was
intended to resurrect
he needs a filter that restrains the
immense power of the sun
krish saves the city daily and receives
much love from everyone he meets
but as his ordinary self he gets fired
constantly due to his obligation as a
superhero
and protector of his city another crisis
appears on the news as a virus decimates
the country of namibia
killing much of its population dr varun
of the world health organization
tries to reach help from all the
scientists
to construct an antidote for this deadly
virus
dr rohit sees this on the television and
calls his friend
who tells him about the situation and
how the virus can cause symptoms in
humans
within five minutes of contact dr
varon then receives another call from a
scientist
who works for call laboratories and
insists on meeting immediately
as he has the entitled for the virus and
some shocking information about its
origins
the doctor tells the scientist to come
to his office
immediately varan arrives and walks into
his office
only to see a woman in red dress
she holds onto varon's arms and
transforms into the doctor himself
which shocks him to the point of
fainting the other scientist
arrives and proceeds to hand over both
the antidote and the virus to the
impersonator
and explains how carl's company
manufactured the virus
so that they can reap from the people
suffering before selling their antidote
the impersonator kills the scientist and
leaps off the building
the woman's name is kaya one of the
superhumans created by call
using his own dna and the dna of various
animals
thus giving them special abilities carl
is
paralyzed from the neck down except for
two fingers which he can still move
he's a genius nonetheless and has the
ability to move
objects with his mind every research he
has done
was aimed at restoring the handicap
which he was born with
because of his unique dna he has so far
unable to find
any human nor animals that can restore
his functions
kaya tells call that over 40 of
namibia's population is infected
and the world health organization is
requesting for their antidote
call refuses as he wants more fear
before reaping his massive financial
reward
from the desperate country he ramps up
his plan after being unhappy about how
much money his antidote is generating
he plans to target a larger population
and tells his henchmen to begin
spreading the virus
in their own city one day christina
receives a message from his
wife priya who tells him to come to a
club at night
she celebrates her husband's birthday
and informs him
that she's pregnant overjoyed at the
prospect of becoming a father
they also tell dr rohit that he is
becoming a grandfather
while celebrating his upcoming
fatherhood with his wife
he notices the presence of the
superhumans and tries to track them down
chris begins to notice people infected
by the virus
and tries his best to save everyone but
he's powerless in front of the virus
which spreads like wildfire
dr rohit confirms in the laboratory that
this is the same virus that was in
namibia
they're informed by call laboratories
that it would take 10 days for them to
produce enough antidotes for the city
this is unacceptable as most people in
the city would die well before that time
dr rohit notices that despite being
exposed to the virus
both him and his son do not show signs
of infection
he hypothesized that their genes must
protect them from its infection
he wants to inject the virus into his
body so that he may produce
antibodies for the antidote christina
stops his
father and tells him to inject it in him
instead
after injecting the virus christina
suffers from great pain
but recovers momentarily they use the
antibodies created in christina
and delivers it to the masses carl is
furious as his plan
fails but wonders how someone can create
an antidote that can only be made from
his own dna
he tells his henchmen to infiltrate the
laboratories
and they found the whereabouts of dr
rohit the one who made the antidote
meanwhile the people celebrates the
recovery and creates a statue of kurish
thanking the superhero for saving the
city at night
carl's henchman arrives at christina's
home and tries to kidnap both his wife
and father
chris arrives just in time and manages
to protect his family
their combined powers give krish a
difficult fight
as they gang up on the superhero but he
eventually gets an upper hand
and chases them away while capturing the
last one
the ambulance takes priya to the
hospital but the doctor informs the
family a terrible news
they are able to save priya from her
wounds but at the cost of losing her
baby
rohit and christina are both devastated
by this turn of events
it is revealed however that kaya
actually impersonated the wife
and she was actually captured by call he
means to interrogate her about karish's
identity
and how they managed to produce the
antidote while acting as priya
kaya notices how christina treats her
compared to call
she can't help but become attracted to
the hormones this perfect male specimen
is sending her way her eyes close as she
enjoys the man's embrace
later that night christina carries her
to their bedroom
and they share a kiss and i'm pretty
sure the fun they had later that night
has changed her allegiance dr roadhead
has also discovered that the virus
shares the same dna
as their own and he tells krishna that
he will go to singapore where he was
held hostage for 20 years
to look for an answer but it turns out
it wasn't christina he was speaking to
but rather the impersonator and she
transforms into priya
and prevents krishna from speaking to
his father
dr rohit finds the answer to the virus
and calls his son
his whereabouts surprised christina as
he didn't know his father would be in
singapore
he realizes that his real wife has
disappeared and rushes back to his house
while his father is taken hostage by
cause men
he transforms into krish and confronts
kaya
she tries to run and fight back but
stops after realizing who chris
actually is she has fallen in love for
him
after experiencing his kindness and even
agrees to help rescue his wife
i have to say that christian's most
important superpower
must be his way with the ladies dr rohit
meets khal
and tells him about the truth of his
origin when rohit was imprisoned in
singapore
his dna was experimented on and they
attempted to create
a clone they were unsuccessful when the
clone
turns out to be paralyzed from the neck
down and they send him to an orphanage
this child will eventually be adopted by
a rich man
and becomes call despite cause evil
nature
rohit agrees to fix his paralysis hoping
that it would change his ways
chris arrives at cause laboratory with
kia
and they fight against the beast humans
they're no match for the power of krish
and are defeated one by one rather
quickly
kea manages to beat carl's henchmen and
locates krish's wife
they embrace as tears drop from his eyes
they rush towards carl's location after
he tells keya his whereabouts
but call has finished his surgeries at
this point
and regained movement in his limbs he
becomes extremely powerful
and creates an armor with his
telekinetic powers
kaya arrives in front of call and tries
a surprise attack
but he knew of her betrayal and proceeds
to rip her spine and sends her flying
chris catches her but the damage is done
kayla looks at the hero as she dies in
his arms
chris charges that call with anger but
it was useless
as the villain has grown too powerful he
slams the hero into a wall
and impales him with numerous medals
then dealing a final blow
he leaves rohit with his dying son and
proceeds outside to terrorize everyone
in the city
he demonstrates his power by destroying
the army
and crushing a car with his bare hands
as the sun rises rohit tries to use his
new invention to save his son
by focusing the sunlight onto krish it
begins to work
but the rays are too strong and he burns
his flesh
rohit steps towards the laser and uses
his own body
as a filter reviving his son while he
gets vaporized into
dust the people of the city led by priya
rallies together to show their defiance
displeased khal turns a car into sharp
meadows
and throws it at the crowd but it stops
just before reach
call turns around and sees christ
standing before him
he throws the medal at krish but he
pushes them away like nothing
remembering how his father sacrificed
himself
chris chases after call and the two
fights in mid-air
with krish gaining an upper hand chris
pounds him through numerous buildings
and call doesn't seem to be able to keep
up with his ferocity
chris notices that civilians are getting
hurt and tries to stop the falling
buildings from hitting the people
call notices this and purposely
collapses a building
while chris tries to stop its descent
call takes advantage of this and punches
chris repeatedly
even though he's spitting out blood he
refuses to let the building drop
and manages to stop it just in time but
his body
is heavily damaged as a result carl
takes priya prisoner
and tries to kill her in front of her
husband but he stops the blow
and sends call flying towards a giant
magnet
with the last effort chris pummels the
villain repeatedly
and throws him into a building where he
becomes impaled
thinking that carl has died chris drops
his guard
and gets impaled while call laughs
hysterically in victory
but what he didn't expect was chris
taking out his father's pen and
concentrating the sunlight onto the
villain
his armor melts quickly under the sun
and he explodes into a million pieces
six months later chris receives his
newborn son
and to their surprise he shows his power
right away
after birth remembering the words from
his father
chris continues to protect and watch
over his city
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my videos please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you